README.md, before:

# TimeCorr #

## Overview ##
The TimeCorr toolbox provides tools for computing and exploring the correlational
structure of timeseries data.  There are two main functions:
* `timecorr` is used to compute dynamic correlations from a timeseries of observations, organized as a number-of-timepoints by number-of-features matrix.  The correlations may be computed _within_ a single matrix, or _across_ a list of such matrices.
* `levelup` is used to find higher order structure in the data.  Calling `levelup` converts a timeseries of observations into a timeseries of correlations _with the same number of features_.  This function may be called recursively to compute dynamic correlations ("level 1"), dynamic correlations _between_ correlations ("level 2"), dynamic correlations between correlations between correlations ("level 3"), etc.  The new features may be computed _within_ a single matrix, or a list of matrices (this returns a new single matrix or list of matrices of the same shape, but containing the higher order features), or _across_ a list of such matrices (given a list of matrices, the _across_ matrix higher-order structure comprises a single matrix).

## Installing ##
To install the TimeCorr toolbox, type `pip install .` from within the TimeCorr folder.

## Basic usage ##
### `timecorr` "within" mode ###
(add instructions for timecorr within mode)

### `timecorr` "across" mode ###
(add instructions for timecorr across mode)

### `levelup` "within" mode ###
(add instructions for levelup within mode)

### `levelup` "across" mode ###
(add instructions for levelup across mode)

## Citing this toolbox ##
(add citation information)

## Further reading ##
For additional information and the full API, please see our [readthedocs](timecorr.readthedocs.com) site. (Need to make this website.)

Commit message:

adding to README unsure if this is the desired format

README.md, after:

# TimeCorr #

## Overview ##
The TimeCorr toolbox provides tools for computing and exploring the correlational structure of timeseries data.  There are two main functions:
* `timecorr` is used to compute dynamic correlations from a timeseries of observations, organized as a number-of-timepoints by number-of-features matrix.  The correlations may be computed _within_ a single matrix, or _across_ a list of such matrices.
* `levelup` is used to find higher order structure in the data.  Calling `levelup` converts a timeseries of observations into a timeseries of correlations _with the same number of features_.  This function may be called recursively to compute dynamic correlations ("level 1"), dynamic correlations _between_ correlations ("level 2"), dynamic correlations between correlations between correlations ("level 3"), etc.  The new features may be computed _within_ a single matrix, or a list of matrices (this returns a new single matrix or list of matrices of the same shape, but containing the higher order features), or _across_ a list of such matrices (given a list of matrices, the _across_ matrix higher-order structure comprises a single matrix).

## Installing ##
To install the TimeCorr toolbox, type `pip install .` from within the TimeCorr folder.

## Basic usage ##
### `timecorr` "within" mode ###

The timecorr within mode can be used for one or multiple subjects. In this mode the
(add instructions for timecorr within mode)

### `timecorr` "across" mode ###
The timecorr across mode may only be used with multiple subject inputs.
(add instructions for timecorr across mode)

### `levelup` "within" mode ###

The levelup within mode can be used for both multiple and single subjects. In this mode the higher-order brain dynamics of a subject are calculated by transforming a timepoint by number of voxel matrix into a PCA (are we still using PCA?) reduced correlation matrix at each timepoint.  

(add instructions for levelup within mode)

### `levelup` "across" mode ###

The levelup across mode may only be used with multiple subject inputs. By computing the average correlation matrix of the correlation matrices at each level. When using the wisfc function the weight of the average correlation matrices can be adjusted so to best express an individual subject.

(add instructions for levelup across mode)




## Citing this toolbox ##
(add citation information)

## Further reading ##
For additional information and the full API, please see our [readthedocs](timecorr.readthedocs.com) site. (Need to make this website.)
